# Client: #
It contains directory structure for all client apps which we want to develop. We can create any number of client apps under Client. The Default has been created for you by Studio, which you use it for keeping the common resources if you want to develop multiple client apps.
In our case we mainly targeted two applications for you:

i) app(Contains source code application targeted for smartphones)

ii) default	(Default folder generated by studio for you. You can use it directly if you want to develop a single application)

iii) portal	(Contains source code application targeted for desktop/tablets)

## i) app: 
Contains the source code for application targeting the Mobile devices. We mainly used the backbone.js and bootstrap frameworks for developing the Todo Application.

Main idea of application here is to:

Allow user to create Todo's.

Allow user to see list of Todo's allocated to him.

User can update a Todo.

User has rights to complete and close the Todo.

User is able to see his current location in map.

Make developer more comfortable with our FH Studio environment and its API's

## Directory Structure:

Following is the directory structure under app folder.

### i) css: 
Contains the css files. Which is playing important role in designing the UI (e.g style.css).
	
### ii) images:
This folder contain images required throughout application (e.g. logo, icons etc.).
	
### iii) js : 
It contains mainly all necessary files and folders to build and run application on targeted devices:
		
#### model:  
Models mainly contains the logic to hold the data and its manipulations. Todo app. contains the following model files to hold data:
			
create-to-do.js - This file holds the Todo list data and its validation.
			
custom.js - Contains the logic to show loading mask which can be used through out the application wherever needed.

fetch-user.js - This model holds User list data and its manipulations.
		
load-map.js - It mainly contains logic to render map and show the location using $fh.geo and $fh.map API's. 
			
login.js - This model perform all data operation related to login activity. Contains logic for field validations.
			
menu.js - This file contain logic to load menu slider on todo list screen. Also handles request that come after selecting the particular menu link.

session.js - Holds the session data and respective manipulations (like holds session Id when user Logs In and clears when user Logs Out of application).

todo-operation.js - Contains logic to update, complete Todos and validate data related to the same. Also, contains the implementation of $fh.cam API to use native camera to capture image.
		
#### services:

Its a service layer which mainly contains methods to call the Cloud end point to fetch, read, update and create Todo's.
			
completed-to-do.js- Contains the call to complete todo cloud end point using $fh.act to mark Todo as completed.
	
create-to-do.js- Contains call to create todo cloud end point using $fh.sync to create the new Todo.

fetch-user.js- Contains call to the fetch user list cloud end point to fetch user list.

update-to-do.js- Contains call to update to-do cloud end point using $fh.sync.
 
#### template: 
 
This folder contain HTML files for each view.

#### utils:

global.js - This is global file which contains global variable,and included in index.html so that it will available.

#### views: 
Contains the files to render templates and show the data hold by model on view.
		
#### app-router.js :
This file define all route mappings throughout application.

#### app.js: 
Start/triggering point for application which includes all dependencies as well as include any common stuff need to be handled throught application, initializes Router.

#### text.js: 
Contains the logic to load remote HTML templates, in this app we are loading HTML from template folder.
	
### iv) index.html:
- Its the main template file which renders all the other templates under its div tag.

- Includes all necessary dependent js files.

- Include the app.js file here.

## ii) default: 
This folder is by default created by Studio for developer. Contains files which are common to all Client apps (like in our case common js library files, bootstrap files, fonts, which are common to app and portal). 
Developer should set the appropriate packages under configuration for the selected app. If not set the app will run the index.html file under defaults folder.
This default folder also contain different images for splash screens you can get details regarding this here 

## iii) portal: 
Contains the source code for application targeting the desktop Browsers and tablets. We mainly used the backbone.js and bootstrap frameworks for developing the Todo Application.
 
Main idea of application here is to:
It will be used by admin to create to-do for different users.
Admin can update as well as delete to-do.
Admin able to see to-do completed by users.

## Following is the directory structure under portal. ##
### i) css: 
Contains the css files. Which is playing important role in designing the UI (e.g style.css).
	
### ii) images: ###
 This folder contain images required throughout application (e.g. logo, icons etc.).

### iii) js: ###
 It contains mainly all necessary files and folders to build and run application on targeted devices:
		
#### controllers:
  Directory contains js files which load and control different screens. It also contains logic to render HTML templates.
		
#### lib:
Lib contain global.js file which has all global variables declaration, so that variables will be available through out app.

#### Models:  ####
Models mainly contains the logic to hold the data and its manipulations. Todo app. contains the following model files to hold data:
		
create-task.js:  Holds the data necessary and data validation logic for creating the new Todo.

fetch-task.js:  Contains call to fetch new to do.

fetch-user-list.js: Contains call to fetch user list as well as handle success, error response.
	
load-map.js : It mainly contains logic to render map and show the location using $fh.geo and $fh.map API's. 

login.js : Contains call to login authentication service, on success response save session key to localstorage.

session.js-   Holds the session data and respective manipulations (like holds session Id when user Logs In and clears when user Logs Out of application).
		
Update-task.js- This model handle data operation related to update todo task and its form fields validation.

	
#### Services: ####
Its a service layer which mainly contains methods to call the Cloud end point to fetch, read, update and create Todo's.
	
completed-task.js :	This service contain service call cloud fetchCompletedToDoAction end point using $fh.act service to submit the todo for completion. 

create-task.js:  This service having cloud call to create new todo using $fh.sync service as well as this service handles success / error response.
	
delete-task:  This file having service call handle to delete todo's using $fh.sync if user wants to delete using sync and service as well as $fh.act is user wants to make regular act call.

fetch-task:   This service file having service call to fetch todo list using $fh.act service.

fetch-user-list:  Service call to fetch user list using $fh.act service.
	
update-task:   Service call to update todo using $fh.sync service.

login.js  and logout.js:  Perform login and logout service call using $fh.act service.

template:   This folder contain HTML divs(snippet HTML),this divs represt different 		screens.
		
#### app-router.js :
This file define all route mappings throughout application.

#### app.js:
 Start/triggering point for application which includes all dependencies as well as include any common stuff need to be handled throught application, initializes Router.
		
### iv) index.html  
 Its the main template file which renders all the other templates under its div tag.
 Includes all necessary dependent js files.
 Include the app.js file here.

**Testing:**

	- app directory contains the test directory.
	- under test directory you will observe following directories: 
		1. Jasmine
		2. lib
	1. Jasmine : 
	    Following is the structure for this directory
		 spec directory : Contains the model directory and the respective files containing the actual test cases.
		 Test cases covers the following :
			- login, create todo, update todo, complete to operations.
		 SpecRunner.js : Its a triggering point for the test environment. 
		 
		- Following are the files inside models directory under spec 
			- create-todo-spec.js : Contains the test cases for operations related to the create todo flow.
			- login-spec.js : Contains the validation checks for login operations.
			- todo-operation.js : Contains the test cases for todo operations and also contains the field validation test.

	2. lib : It contains all library files to run test cases (e.g. jasmine.js, jasmine-html.js, jasmine.css)

    -  To run the test cases, run the index.html file inside spec directory.
    -  After you run the index.html, you will see the various test cases listed there.
    -  Select the respective test case you want to run and it will show the output of that test case.